If you have Samsung Galaxy Enterprise Edition devices
your purchase includes a one-year Knox Suite Enterprise Plan license
which includes a wide range of device management services from endpoint management and remote troubleshooting
to comprehensive fleet data analytics and firmware control.
To get started with Samsung Knox Suite
you'll need to register for an account at samsungknox.com
When you sign up, indicate that you already have Galaxy Enterprise Edition devices before you set up your account details.
Once you have a Samsung Knox account, log in to the Knox Admin Portal, and click Licenses
Then, on the Enterprise Edition devices card, click Manage license key
This takes you to the Enterprise Edition dashboard where you can manage your Enterprise Edition devices
Here, click Actions and Generate license to activate the one-year Knox Suite Enterprise Plan license included with your purchase.
Let's explore the capabilities of the Knox Suite Enterprise Plan.
Maintaining your device fleet means you need actionable data insights of your devices
which is included in the plan through our data analytics service, Knox Asset Intelligence
Once your devices are enrolled, Knox Asset Intelligence provides a comprehensive analysis of your fleet's status and health
by tracking your devices' apps, battery, network, and location data to ensure that they are always productive and ready to use
It also highlights problem devices that require attention, along with device information to help with troubleshooting
For details about enrollment, please see our How-to guides
To explore the other services bundled in the Knox Suite Enterprise Plan
and to learn more about Knox Suite Plans
please visit our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com
Thanks for watching!